.TH "Hocr-Tools User Manual" 1 "1 Jan 2013" "Hocr-Tools documentation"

.SH NAME
hocr-tools

.SH DESCRIPTION
Tools for manipulating and evaluating the hOCR format.
.PP
OCR is a format for representing OCR output, including layout information,
character confidences, bounding boxes, and style information. It embeds this
information invisibly in standard HTML. By building on standard HTML, it
automatically inherits well-defined support for most scripts, languages,
and common layout options. Furthermore, unlike previous OCR formats,
the recognized text and OCR-related information co-exist in the same file
and survives editing and manipulation. hOCR markup is independent
of the presentation.
.PP
Included command line programs:
.TP
\fBhocr-check\fP
check the given file for conformance with the hOCR format spec
.TP
\fBhocr-combine\fP
combine multiple hOCR documents into one
.TP
\fBhocr-eval\fP
compute number of segmentation and OCR errors
.TP
\fBhocr-eval-geom\fP
compute over, under, and mis-segmentations
.TP
\fBhocr-eval-lines\fP
compute statistics about the quality of the geometric segmentation at thelevel of the given OCR element
.TP
\fBhocr-extract-g1000\fP
process Google 1000 books volumes and prepares line or word imagesfor alignment using OCRopus.
.TP
\fBhocr-extract-images\fP
extract the images and texts within all the ocr_line elements within the hOCRfile
.TP
\fBhocr-lines\fP
extract the text within all the ocr_line elements within the hOCR file
.TP
\fBhocr-merge-dc\fP
merge Dublin Core metadata into hOCR header files
.TP
\fBhocr-pdf\fP
create a searchable PDF from a pile of hOCR and JPEG
.TP
\fBhocr-pdf-noimg\fP
create a searchable PDF from a pile of hOCR and JPEG (no add img)
.TP
\fBhocr-split\fP
split a multipage hOCR file into single pages
.TP
\fBhocr-wordfreq\fP
calculate word frequency in an hOCR file

.SH SYNOPSIS
"\fBhocr-tools\fP" [options] path

.SH OPTIONS
See "\fBhocr-tools\fP" --help

.SH EXAMPLE
 hocr-check file.hocr
 hocr-combine *.hocr > combine.hocr
 hocr-extract-images file.hocr
 hocr-pdf -d 300 -o book.pdf img_and_hocr_dir
 hocr-split book.hocr page

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2013 Thomas M. Breuel.
 All rights reserved.

.SH SEE ALSO
 hocr2pdf(1).

.SH CONTACTS
 Homepage: https://github.com/tmbdev/hocr-tools/
 Email: otmbdev@github.com
